Hello everyone
to grimaud for wikio.fr and we
found today for a small
video that will explain to you how
change the wallpaper of your
lockscreen so the lock screen
so I showed you right away
what is the lockscreen here you see
I have a custom wallpaper and I
explain to you how to do so for
do it must already be haunted and
have installed installed installer as well
that gravity box so I've already done a
video on that so you even there
in the description as well as a
clickable power on the video you
just have to click on it and that you
will return to the tutorial and I will
shows at the same time the little theme that
I have right now on breaking bad so
that I installed via theimer b top i
tested yesterday I invite you to watch them
this video whose link is in the
description so once serious and that he
boxing and install you go get
in your application list
here you go, so there you go
make screen changes from
unlock then click on
style behind plan and you go
selected custom images
then go click on images
custom game open there all that
with the gallery so where you put
your wallpapers me i'm going to open the
small folder wallpapers in baroeul which
contains the wallpapers that I have
downloaded exergue and as I'm on
a theme on breaking bad which is a
series that I love I'm going to select
the little wallpaper breaking bad in
top left here so I'm going ferroni
the image claj to sized to the
size I desire nails I'm going all
select here and love affair hockey
here is recording the image background
modified screen so there now when
I'm going to turn off my smartphone and that
I'm going to bed but I 'm going
put on stand by
- lockscreen here I have my wallpaper
custom and it slams frankly that
changes buzz wallpaper and all
that by looking at the lock screen
basic
you do not have to see install a
alternative application dupes the blinds
like gaulle to the heart that will replace
the lockscreen but that will add a
overlay yet more on your
smartphone which can slow it down
so here's this little trick
I hope it will serve a lot
of you she is very simple but
I am asked regularly enough
so you have the solution now
so do not hesitate to subscribe
to my youtube channel as well as to me
follow on different networks
social
in the meantime I'm getting very soon
for next ciao videos